README.md, before:

# TheMemencholyOfRiles

A utility to fetch, parse, and store data from a website.

### Status

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/beatyt/TheMemencholyOfRiles.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/beatyt/TheMemencholyOfRiles)

## Backstory

Riles once quizzed me on pop figures.  I knew nothing.

So, Riles began posting news headlines into all chat during our Dota 2 games.

Then, he started replacing celebrity's names with mine.

That meant war, and here we are.  I saw a possibility to automate the process such that Riles has been unable to keep up with the memes.

## Quickstart:

Edit the config.properties file to add your own url and data files.  Some data files are found in the target/classes/data directory, the ones read at startup are in src/main/java/resources/data.


## How to deploy:

1. Create a new project
2. Git clone this into that new project directory
3. Do the stuff for the pom.xml (mvn install????) to get the dependencies.
4. /\/\e/\/\e

## Design patterns:

1. Singleton -- The PropertyHandler utilizes the Singleton pattern so that one instance of the configuration file will exist.
2. ~Planned~ Producer-Consumer -- Multithreaded queue for the scraping and parsing

Commit message:

Use better data structures and do not add blank lines to output

README.md, after:

### Status

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/beatyt/TheMemencholyOfRiles.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/beatyt/TheMemencholyOfRiles)

## Backstory

Riles once quizzed me on pop figures.  I knew nothing.

So, Riles began posting news headlines into all chat during our Dota 2 games.

Then, he started replacing celebrity's names with mine.

That meant war, and here we are.  I saw a possibility to automate the process such that Riles has been unable to keep up with the memes.

## Quickstart:

Edit the config.properties file to add your own url and data files.  Some data files are found in the target/classes/data directory, the ones read at startup are in src/main/java/resources/data.


## How to deploy:

1. Create a new project
2. Git clone this into that new project directory
3. Do the stuff for the pom.xml (mvn install????) to get the dependencies.
4. /\/\e/\/\e

## Design patterns:

1. Singleton -- The PropertyHandler utilizes the Singleton pattern so that one instance of the configuration file will exist.  MySharedQueue uses the pattern as well.
2. Producer-Consumer -- Multithreaded queue for the scraping and parsing.
